## Terms of Service

Version Effective Date: 2022.11.7

Thank you for using Maze AI’s image generation services (the “Services”). These Terms of Service (the “Agreement”) spell out what rights you have with respect to the Service generated images, and other assets, which you generate (the “Assets”), your use of the Services, and other important topics like arbitration. Please read it carefully. We have a privacy policy which outlines how we handle your data here.

This Agreement is entered into by Maze AI Inc. and the entity or person agreeing to these terms ("Customer") and govern Customer's access to and use of the Services.

This Agreement is effective when the Customer is presented with this Agreement and proceeds to use the Services (the "Effective Date") or to receive or distribute Assets. These terms may be updated and presented again to the Customer from time to time. Continued use of the Services constitutes acceptance of the updated terms. If you do not agree to the Agreement, please stop using the Services.Other documents referenced here may also bind Customer’s use of this Services

### 1.Service Availability and Quality

We are constantly evolving the Services to make them better for you. The Services are subject to modification and change, including but not limited to the art style of Assets, the algorithms used to generate the Assets, and features available to the Customer. No guarantees are made with respect to the Services’ quality, stability, uptime or reliability. Please do not create any dependencies on any attributes of the Services or the Assets. We will not be liable to you or your downstream customers for any harm caused by your dependency on the Service.

Both the Services and the Assets are provided to Customer on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using or redistributing the Assets and assume any risks associated with use of the Services.

Maze AI reserves the right to suspend or ban your access to the Services at any time, and for any reason. You may not use the Services for competitive research. You may not reverse engineer the Services or the Assets. You may not use automated tools to access, interact with, or generate Assets through the Services. Only one user may use the Services per registered account. Each user of the Services may only have one account.

We reserve the right to investigate complaints or reported violations of our Terms of Service and to take any action we deem appropriate including but not limited to reporting any suspected unlawful activity to law enforcement officials, regulators, or other third parties and disclosing any information necessary or appropriate to such persons or entities relating to user profiles, e-mail addresses, usage history, posted materials, IP addresses and traffic information.

### 2.Age Requirements

By accessing the Services, you confirm that you’re at least 16 years old and meet the minimum age of digital consent in your country. If you are old enough to access the Services in your country, but not old enough to have authority to consent to our terms, your parent or guardian must agree to our terms on your behalf.

Please ask your parent or guardian to read these terms with you. If you’re a parent or legal guardian, and you allow your teenager to use the Services, then these terms also apply to you and you’re responsible for your teenager’s activity on the Services.

You understand and agree， the Assets are generated by an artificial intelligence system based on user queries. This is new technology and it does not always work as expected. No guarantees are made as to the suitability of the Assets for the Customer.

### 3.Your Information

By using the Services, you may provide Maze AI with personal information like your email address, user name, billing information, favorites, image outputs, and text prompts that you enter, or sample images that you upload to the Service. Our policy outlining what we do with your personal information, and the rights you have with respect to your personal information, can be found here. Both parties agree to comply with all applicable data protection laws. To the extent the parties need to enter into additional terms regarding data privacy or data transfers the parties will work together in good faith to enter into such terms.

### 4. Copyright and Trademark

#### 4.1 Rights you give to Maze AI

By using the Services, you grant to Maze AI, its successors, and assigns a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, sublicensable no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute text, and image prompts you input into the Services, or Assets produced by the service at your direction. This license survives termination of this Agreement by any party, for any reason.

#### 4.2 Your Rights

Subject to the above license, you own all Assets you create with the Services. 
Please note: Maze AI is an open community which allows others to use and remix your images and prompts whenever they are posted in a public setting. By default, your images are publically viewable and remixable. As described above, you grant Maze AI a license to allow this. 

### 5. Takedowns Policy

Maze AI uses an artificial intelligence system trained on public datasets to produce its Assets. Such Assets may be unintentionally similar to copyright protected material or trademarks you hold. We respect rights holders internationally. If you believe your copyright or trademark is being infringed by the Service, please write to mazenft@maz.network and we will process your request.

### 6.Dispute Resolution and Governing Law

ALL LEGAL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING ANY DISPUTE REGARDING THE INTERPRETATION OR PERFORMANCE OF THE AGREEMENT) ("Dispute") WILL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF Singapore . 

### 7.cost 

You understand and agree that Maze AI has the right to provide the Service for free or upon payment. At present, AI creation services are value-added services, and you need to pay a certain fee to Maze AI to use the fee service. For the paid services, Maze AI will give you a clear reminder before you use them, and you can use the value-added services only if you confirm that they are willing to pay the relevant fee. If you refuse to pay the fees, Maze AI has the right to deny you such value-added services. 

In addition to the above charging services, the equipment related to the relevant Internet services (such as personal computers, other devices related to access to the Internet or mobile Internet) and the required expenses (such as telephone charges and Internet access fees) shall be borne by you.

### 8. Community Guidelines

- Be kind and respect each other and staff. Do not create images or use text prompts that are inherently disrespectful, aggressive, or otherwise abusive. Violence or harassment of any kind will not be tolerated.
- No adult content or gore. Please avoid making visually shocking or disturbing content. We will block some text inputs automatically.
- Sharing others’ creations. Do not publicly repost the creations of others without their permission.
- Be careful about sharing. It’s OK to share your creations outside of the Maze AI community but please consider how others might view your content.
- Any violations of these rules may lead to bans from our services. Behave respectfully or lose your rights to use the Service.

### 9.Limitation of Liability and Indemnity

We provide the service as is, and we make no promises or guarantees about it.

You understand and agree that we will not be liable to you or any third party for any loss of profits, use, goodwill, or data, or for any incidental, indirect, special, consequential or exemplary damages, however they arise.

You are responsible for your use of the service. If you harm someone else or get into a dispute with someone else, we will not be involved.

If you knowingly infringe someone else’s intellectual property, and that costs us money, we’re going to come find you and collect that money from you. We might also do other stuff, like try to get a court to make you pay our attorney’s fees. Don’t do it.

### 10. Miscellaneous

- Force Majeure. Neither party will be liable for failure or delay in performance to the extent caused by circumstances beyond its reasonable control, including acts of God, natural disasters, terrorism, riots, or war.
- No Agency. This Agreement does not create any agency, partnership, or joint venture between the parties.
- Severability. If any part of this Agreement is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the rest of the Agreement will remain in effect.
- Termination by You. If you wish to terminate this agreement you may do so by discontinuing your use of the Services provided by Maze AI.
- If you have any questions about this Agreement, please contact us by email mazenft@maz.network.





